Episode
Flowers
At first, I wanted to be a striker, too.
Nice assist!
"For the sake of" someone else.
"For the sake of the team."
The grownups were always saying that.
Focus on playing it around in the area.
With you there, the striker functions better.
But Coach, I want to be
the best striker in the world.
Not just get assists.
Can I have a role where I score the goals?
Where I get to play the style
of soccer I want to play?
No, you can't.
Soccer's a sport where you win as a team.
If you don't play by our rules,
I won't put you in matches.
Are you listening?
Yeah, sure.
All adults...
only water the buds they allow to bloom.
They don't allow the flowers
they can't control to blossom.
And soon you notice that
all the flowers are identical.
Nice assist!
We're invincible with you around!
We're the best team ever!
Soon I noticed...
I'd also forgotten how to bloom.
Coach, I'm not finding
soccer much fun lately.
Come on now. Going pro
isn't just a pipe dream for you.
Going pro, huh?
Make decent money, marry a cute girl,
and become somewhat happy.
Do you think I can be
the best striker in the world?
Of course.
You have the potential.
I don't think I can.
Because I used to believe I could,
and that part of me died before I knew it.
I don't want to blame the adults.
It was my fault for not
sticking to what I wanted to do.
Let's put an end to
my life as a striker now.
Coach, I...
I want to be the best defender in the world.
Huh?
You know all of those boring strikers
you're mass-producing?
I want to crush 'em all as a defender!
A Blossoming Talent!
Great Things Expected From Big Star Center Back, Oliver Aiku
Having successfully converted from being a forward, Aiku has shown great
I'm never gonna play soccer
for someone else again.
Oliver Aiku Receives Offers From Italy's Top League
The U20's New Captain: Oliver Aiku
I will...
I'll let my flower bloom for me!
Wow! A superb clearance by Oliver Aiku!
Second ball!
Blue Lock XI
Thanks to you guys,
our voltage has been cranked up.
Our positions and theirs.
All the next moves.
My senses are in overdrive!
I understand it all with my whole body.
When I reach the max of
the abilities I've built up so far...
There's a world I can see
only once I'm there.
This sensation is...
unstoppable!
A nutmeg?
Over here, right?
That trick won't work twice.
The time to steal it isn't when he kicks it.
It's the intervening time and space
he needs in order to use his abilities.
That's when I'll hunt him down.
Rin!
Blue Lock XI
Him again.
They're playing for themselves.
They're annoyingly perfect for each other.
Blue Lock Project.
If it had started three years earlier,
I would have been with these guys,
still aiming to be a striker.
I see. So you're the other path
that I didn't get to choose.
In that case...
you'd better pull yourselves together!
Rin's being jostled off the ball?
His anticipation and
reactions have improved.
The "flow."
I'll crush you all...
so that I can bloom!
U-20s' captain, Oliver Aiku...
has single-handedly stopped
Blue Lock's ferocious attack!
Is he seriously capable of
reacting in all directions?
Japan's U-20s
Aiku, you're so fired up!
Is this your awakening?
You can do it if you try, selfish captain.
Japan's U-20s
Get ready to play the end credits.
Go get 'em, Li'l Genius.
Japan's U-20s
It's our turn now. Let's do this.
They've got it! It begins now!
It's time for the U-20s' specialty:
the quick counter!
Blue Lock XI
Not so fast, Itoshi Sae.
If we concede next, we're as good as dead.
I'll buy us time. Get in formation.
Good goin', Karasu.
Blue Lock XI
In those few moments you gave us,
I read all the dangerous passing options.
Blue Lock XI
Nice work, Hiorin.
I'll leave the danger areas to you.
I'll track Kitsune.
Bachira's side is taken care of.
I'll focus on the aerial battle in the box.
Blue Lock XI
Japan's U-20s
Good. They're prepared for
the counter. So all I have to do...
is stop this devil!
Japan's U-20s
Amen.
His footwork's super fast!
He's challenging me
with his pure physical ability!
Damn it.
I can't stop him with a copied move
and watch Sae at the same time.
Time's up. Can't hold him back any longer.
Here he is!
Crap.
Its speed and timing are perfect.
But at this distance...
This over-the-shoulder trajectory...
Normally, a shot would be impossible...
But that's how he gets us!
It's Shidou all over!
Blue Lock XI
Nice, Reo.
Your reaction helped to
narrow down his options.
In that stance, he can only aim
to this corner, either top or bottom.
Which one, though?
I have to gamble.
I'll go with my gut!
Here it comes! Come on!
Wait, top corner?
Kaboom!
I still have a chance...
Shachihoko fish kick!
What the hell was that?
He kept it out!
Wait, it's still in play!
I'll stop it.
Get a touch.
Score!
Reo, clear it!
Send it out for a corner!
No.
Do you know how many times I've seen it?
Instantly kill it.
A lift tap. Into...
Wait, is that...
...a jumping turn!
I know this move better than anyone.
Nagi Seishiro...
Copied!
They hung in there!
And the clearance reaches the front line!
Nice, Chameleon.
Thanks for this hot one.
Blue Lock XI
Time to counter the counter.
Go, Blue Lock!
I can't believe he kept them out.
We'll make this one count.
This chance to counter.
We're slightly outnumbered.
But a counter that turns the tables
can easily create openings.
In this situation, my ability to
read the field is a huge advantage.
If I can scythe into the goal area
on my reflexes, I can score!
Hone in! Find it!
Find the spot where only I can score!
Blue Lock XI
Barou?
He's trying to steal the ball from me?
What's he thinking when
we have a chance like this?
There isn't a sliver of rationality in you.
Your play is hyper-fixated on the No. 11.
Japan's U-20s
You bested me the first time
because it made no sense.
But it won't work a second time,
fade-cut joker.
He adjusted after only one face-off.
That's something.
He's totally focused on marking me.
And Aiku's keeping a close eye
on me from the back line,
ready to shut down any decisive passes.
My route forward is stone dead.
So let's switch it up.
Using the light Isagi creates,
I'll find the darkness only I can see.
The darkness that belongs only to me
which will blast me into the "flow"!
Blue Lock's bearing down on the goal.
They're coming, all right!
Incoming! Watch for combos!
I know! Bring it on!
Not yet.
This isn't the spot.
If I set it up now, my movements are
within the range of their defenders.
To score, I need to meet three conditions.
A spot I can score from with
my weapon: my direct shot.
A combo that'll get the ball there.
And not letting Aiku read that combo.
I need to catch the moment these conditions
can be met with these eyes and my brain.
We're getting close to the goal.
I need to find those threads for victory
without slowing our momentum.
Use me.
Blue Lock XI
Ya need more men.
Ain't that right, ya mid players?
Karasu? Excellent timing.
This'll work.
I have more pieces!
Right there, yeah?
Isagi!
The flow of the ball is changing.
And the switch...
is here!
Man, that's a super tough spot.
Only Nagi can control that
long pass into the goal area.
The enemy will need to be wary of that.
The goal's behind me.
How sneaky of you...
striker.
Strike the shadow of the
mental tableau I created.
Use your reflexes to react to my ego!
Yes, boss.
Here it comes! I'm in on goal!
Just as I predicted!
I've made it to where Aiku can't reach!
Now all the pieces are in place—
Surprising.
So you were the heart of Blue Lock, No. 11.
I like that brain you've got.
Huh?
What?
Itoshi Sae?
You weren't in my calculation!
You've been outside of
my vision this whole time.
And you came to cover the most
dangerous spot by the shortest route.
No, stop.
The perfect move I managed to wring out...
The culmination of my play style...
It's all gone in a flash?
A striker shoulders that responsibility
and fights until the very last second.
No.
Not yet!
The moment isn't over!
Blue Lock XI
Japan's U-20s
Even if he's read it all, there's still
the very last second in front of the goal.
I can do this.
If I can touch the ball first...
If I reach out my leg, I can score.
Reach it.
Even the tip of my toe will do!
My very...
last step!
Huh? Am I losing my balance?
You got ahead of yourself, No. 11.
If your axis is off,
your direct shot is dead.
He threw me off with such a light push?
The goal's right in front of me.
But in his presence, my weapon isn't...
Isagi!
Look at me!
Rin.
I see. Itoshi Sae wasn't the only one who
predicted and believed in my perfect play...
and kept running!
You're too naïve, buddy duo.
Don't assume you can beat me
with this level of play.
Reach it. Take a shot, Rin!
You can take...
the last step!
What?
You?
Why are you here?
Isn't that No. 11 the only one
you want to devour?
I'll feast on you, Isagi.
Your light...
is mine!
Goal!
Barou Shouei dives in
for a super sliding shot!
He's stolen the show!
Blue Lock are level!
What a goal! That was incredible!
Barou!
Holy crap! How did you score that?
Like, damn, man!
Get your hands off me.
Doesn't make a difference "how."
My number one priority is
to hunt you down and devour you.
From beginning to end.
But you managed to disappear
so completely. How'd you do that?
I didn't disappear by choice.
I was erased.
My play style of being fixated on you
was immediately neutralized by them.
So I decided to hunt down the plays
you were creating as you kept evolving.
Huh? But then, how'd you
read something like—
There is one person
who can link up with you.
Itoshi Rin.
I knew he'd react to your evolution.
So I waited for that last pass
from you to Rin in the darkness.
But if you were so fixated on me,
how'd you visualize it?
Rin's movement and positioning, I mean.
Huh? What are you talking about, donkey?
You and Rin are so in sync,
you're practically two hearts beating as one.
Huh?
It's simple.
In my eyes,
Rin is also Isagi.
That was a crazier explanation
than I expected.
So that's the view that awaits you
at the end of an obsession.
Hmph. As if the likes of you
could possibly understand me.
Removing your shirt is
ungentlemanly conduct.
Yellow card.
Oh dear. Barou gets a yellow card.
Well, he did strip.
Yer impossible to understand, dumdum.
Don't strip again, Stripper King.
It's true that his goal just now
was born out of Barou's obsession.
A super goal only he could score.
But that wasn't the only thing
that made it possible.
The move where I stole through.
The pass to Rin, who'd responded to my play.
And Barou nabbing it by playing the heel.
No, Karasu and Nagi helped, too.
Everyone involved in that play...
With everyone rising to their own
challenge, it became a trance chain.
I see.
Having faith in someone's
trance and going with it.
That's the final piece
we need to defeat the U-20s.
What do I do now? They've equalized.
Should I send on some subs?
But maybe a draw will save my neck?
Glance.
Goddamn!
Yo, puppet manager.
Got a plan?
Oh, uh... First, we'll park the bus,
then play to our strengths and
bet it all on one last counterattack—
A dumb plan without a hint of originality
that any idiot could've come up with.
That's your manager's assessment.
How dare a mere player question...
They can still fight.
Here's a message from a "mere player":
Don't you dare do something
boring like bring on subs.
If you wanna call yourself a manager,
feel the fire that's in this team right now.
You frustrated, Sendou?
Same here. They really are
something, that Blue Lock.
Damn it. We're still level.
Yeah. The stronger his foe,
the more fired-up the star player gets
as he rails against the world.
The star player of this team is you.
You still have fire in you, right, Sendou?
Yeah. That goes without saying.
I'm never gonna play soccer
for someone else again.
I'll let my flower bloom for me.
That's what I swore to myself before.
But...
If there's a true striker
struggling to bloom in this country...
I want to be someone who can offer
my hand and tell that bud to bloom.
But not yet.
I'm the last wall to be conquered
before Japanese soccer can be reborn.
Bloom.
Surpass me, Blue Lock!
The match is in its final phase.
Can Japan's U-20s take the lead again?
Yo, donkey. Shine some more.
Let your energy burst. Then, I'll devour you
and become the leading man in this match.
Go ahead and try, Sidekick King.
I'll score for us. One more goal.
Let's go take the lead.
Climax.
You shitheads...
I can't let it end like this.
I will score.
This is my game.
I'll defeat him and
carve my name into the world.
This is...
my story!
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Barou
Welcome Back, Baro Baro Kyun!
I'm tired of waiting, master.
Baro, Baro, kyun!
Okay. One, two...
Baro, Baro...
Nagi
Seishiro
Isagi
Yoichi
...k-kyun.
All wrong. That was terrible.
We're sorry, store manager!
You donkeys suck.
Don't besmirch the "Baro, Baro, kyun"!
Listen up.
When you're a maid,
customers come above all else.
Now, put your heart into your hospitality.
Deliver the same "Baro, Baro, kyun"
whatever kind of customer you have.
Baro, Baro, kyun!
One more time!
With love!
Baro, Baro, kyun!
Gimme more!
That's what'd probably happen.
Hiori Yo
Wait, what're ya talkin' about?
A Maid Café Barou simulation.
Huh? You two would work there?
But first things first, what do
you even do at a maid café?
Ya just chat and get 'em to listen
to yer worries and concerns, yeah?
Do you really think Barou can do that?
I don't really have
any confidence in myself.
Tokimitsu
Aoshi
You'll be fine, master.
To be confident in yourself,
you have to pump up your self-esteem.
My self-esteem?
First, praise yourself every day.
I'm doing great!
I'm doing
great!
Good job, me!
Good\h
job,
me!
I'm amazing!
Then, wake up and go to bed early,
and do lots of things that make you happy.
Ah!
Yay!
And at the start and end of each day,
send your love to every living thing.
Baro, Baro, kyun!
You try.
Yup.
Baro, Baro, kyun!
Again.
Say "Baro, Baro, kyun"!
Wow, world peace.
Yippee.
You two, come with me.
Baro and peace!